[EARLY DRAFT] New: Mixin Introduction and `mixins.json` config files (#680)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/mixins/mixins-json.md

---
title: mixins.json Config
description: Learn how to register mixin classes, and how to configure their behavior from the mixins.json config file.
authors:
  - MildestToucan
resources:
  https://github.com/FabricMC/Mixin/blob/main/src/main/java/org/spongepowered/asm/mixin/transformer/MixinConfig.java: MixinConfig class source code - GitHub
  https://github.com/FabricMC/Mixin/blob/main/src/main/java/org/spongepowered/asm/mixin/extensibility/IMixinConfigPlugin.java: IMixinConfigPlugin class source code - GitHub
  https://github.com/SpongePowered/Mixin/wiki: Official Mixin Wiki - GitHub

>   http://github.com/llamalad7/mixinextras/wiki: Official MixinExtras Wiki - GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  https://github.com/LlamaLad7/MixinExtras/wiki: Official MixinExtras Wiki - GitHub
```

  https://github.com/LlamaLad7/MixinExtras/wiki/Expressions-Setup: Expressions Setup - MixinExtras Wiki
---

> Mixin config files, conventionally named `<modid>.mixins.json`, are JSON files used to register mixin classes and tweak some of Mixin's behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mixin config files, conventionally named `example-mod.mixins.json`, are JSON files used to register mixin classes and tweak some of Mixin's behavior.
```
